Challenge: CaesarMirror
Category: Warmups
Difficulty: easy
Author: @JohnHammond

Description: Caesar caesar, on the wall, who is the fairest of them all?

Perhaps a clever ROT13?

NOTE: this flag does not follow the usual MD5 hash standard flag format. It is still wrapped with the code>flag{} prefix and suffix.

Download the file(s) below.
Attachments: caesarmirror.txt


Solution: 

0. Start

     Bu obl! Jbj, guvf jnezhc punyyratr fher   bf V !erugrtbg ghc bg ahs sb gby n fnj 
    qrsvavgryl nofbyhgryl nyjnlf ybir gelvat   ftavug rivgnibaav qan jra ch xavug bg 
       gb qb jvgu gur irel onfvp, pbzzba naq   sb genc gfevs ruG !frhdvauprg SGP pvffnyp 
     lbhe synt vf synt{whyvhf_ naq gung vf n   tavuglerir gba fv gv gho gengf gnret 
 gung lbh jvyy arrq gb fbyir guvf punyyratr.    qan rqvu bg tavleg rxvy g'abq V 
  frcnengr rnpu cneg bs gur synt. Gur frpbaq   bq hbl gho _n_av fv tnys rug sb genc 
   arrq whfg n yvggyr ovg zber. Jung rknpgyl   rxnz qan leg bg reru rqhypav rj qyhbuf 
     guvf svyyre grkg ybbx zber ratntvat naq   ?fravyjra qqn rj qyhbuF ?ryvujugebj 
    Fubhyq jr nqq fcnprf naq gel naq znxr vg   uthbar fv fravy lanz jbU ?ynpvegrzzlf 
 gb znxr guvf svyyre grkg ybbx oryvrinoyr? N    n avugvj ferggry sb renhdf qvybf 
 fvzcyr, zbabfcnpr-sbag grkg svyr ybbxf tbbq   rug gn gfbzyn rj reN .rz bg uthbar 
   raq? Vg ybbxf yvxr vg! V ubcr vg vf tbbq.   }abvgprysre fv tnys ehbl sb genc qevug ruG 
naq ng guvf cbvag lbh fubhyq unir rirelguvat   ebs tnys fvug gvzohf bg qrra hbl gnug 
    cbvagf. Gur ortvaavat vf znexrq jvgu gur   ,rpneo lyehp tavarcb rug qan kvsrec tnys 
  naq vg vapyhqrf Ratyvfu jbeqf frcnengrq ol   lyehp tavfbyp n av qar bg ,frebpferqah 
  oenpr. Jbj! Abj GUNG vf n PGS! Jub xarj jr   fvug bg erucvp enfrnp rug xyvz qyhbp 
            rkgrag?? Fbzrbar trg gung Whyvhf   !ynqrz n lht enfrnP  

1. After ROT13 Application

     Oh boy! Wow, this warmup challenge sure   os I !rehtegot tup ot nuf fo tol a saw 
    definitely absolutely always love trying   sgniht evitavonni dna wen pu kniht ot 
       to do with the very basic, common and   fo trap tsrif ehT !seuqinhcet FTC cissalc 
     your flag is flag{julius_ and that is a   gnihtyreve ton si ti tub trats taerg 
 that you will need to solve this challenge.    dna edih ot gniyrt ekil t'nod I 
  separate each part of the flag. The second   od uoy tub _a_ni si galf eht fo trap 
   need just a little bit more. What exactly   ekam dna yrt ot ereh edulcni ew dluohs 
     this filler text look more engaging and   ?senilwen dda ew dluohS ?elihwhtrow 
    Should we add spaces and try and make it   hguone si senil ynam woH ?lacirtemmys 
 to make this filler text look believable? A    a nihtiw srettel fo erauqs dilos 
 simple, monospace-font text file looks good   eht ta tsomla ew erA .em ot hguone 
   end? It looks like it! I hope it is good.   }noitcelfer si galf ruoy fo trap driht ehT 
and at this point you should have everything   rof galf siht timbus ot deen uoy taht 
    points. The beginning is marked with the   ,ecarb ylruc gninepo eht dna xiferp galf 
  and it includes English words separated by   ylruc gnisolc a ni dne ot ,serocsrednu 
  brace. Wow! Now THAT is a CTF! Who knew we   siht ot rehpic raseac eht klim dluoc 
            extent?? Someone get that Julius   !ladem a yug raseaC  

2. Reverse the second block of text

  Caesar guy a medal!
 could milk the caesar cipher to this
 underscores, to end in a closing curly
 flag prefix and the opening curly brace,
 that you need to submit this flag for
 The third part of your flag is reflection}
 enough to me. Are we almost at the
 solid square of letters within a
 symmetrical? How many lines is enough
 worthwhile? Should we add newlines?
 should we include here to try and make
 part of the flag is in_a_ but you do
 I don't like trying to hide and
 great start but it is not everything
 classic CTF techniques! The first part of
 to think up new and innovative things
 was a lot of fun to put together! I so

 3. Combine the bits of the text containing flag elements

 a. flag{julius_
 b. in_a_
 c. reflection}

 4. Assemble flag: flag{julius_in_a_reflection}


